=head1 Petris Help

# $Id: snake-help.pod,v 1.2 1999/08/28 22:14:22 root Exp $

# Copyright (c) Mark Summerfield 1999. All Rights Reserved.
# May be used/distributed under the GPL.

Press <C<Escape>> or <C<q>> to close this help window; scroll using
the scrollbar, arrow keys, <C<PageUp>> or <C<PageDown>>.

=head2 Aim

The aim of Snake is to eat the fruit and cover as much of the board as 
possible with the snake's body. It is possible to cover the entire board.

=head2 Play

The game is played by moving the snake onto the food which appears at 
random on the board. Once the snake moves onto a square with food, (eats 
the food), new food will appear elsewhere on the board. If the snake 
moves onto itself or hits the edge the game ends. Every time the snake 
eats, its body grows one segment longer; this increases your score and 
increases coverage of the board.

=head2 Keystrokes

=over

=item *

C<s>    Start a new game.

=item

C<SPACEBAR> Pause/resume the game.

=item

C<o>    Change the options.

=item

C<a>    Show the About box.

=item

C<F1>   Invoke this help window.

=item

C<q>    Quit the game.

=item   

C<UP-ARROW>, C<k>, C<f> Make the snake move up. (Resumes if paused.)

=item

C<DOWN-ARROW>, C<j>, C<b>   Make the snake move down. (Resumes if paused.)

=item

C<LEFT-ARROW>, C<h>, C<d>   Make the snake move left. (Resumes if paused.)

=item

C<RIGHT-ARROW>, C<l>, C<g>  Make the snake move right. (Resumes if paused.)

=back

To see other keystrokes, or to change or add your own, see the file
C<snake-keys.pl>.

=head2 Options

Options should be set using the Options dialogue. User options are stored in
C<~/.games/snakerc> (or C<SNAKE.INI> for Win32).

Any options you change in this file take precedence over the default options.
To reinstate a default option delete or comment out (with C<#>) the option(s)
you wish to reinstate - the next time you run the game the defaults will be
back.


=head2 Copyright

C<summer@chest.ac.uk>

Copyright (c) Mark Summerfield 1999. All Rights Reserved.

Snake may be used/distributed under the GPL.

I do not know who the inventor of Snake is.

=cut
